Update release notes for 7.10.1 (#12489)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha2,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha2>>
* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-7-10-1]]
=== Logstash 7.10.1 Release Notes

==== Notable issues fixed

===== Support recreation of same pipeline through centralized pipeline management
When users attempted to delete and recreate a pipeline with the same identifier and configuration, Logstash was unable
to pick up the new pipeline. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/12387[#12387]

==== Plugins

*Azure_event_hubs Input - 1.2.3*

* Fixed missing configuration of `prefetch_count` and `receive_timeout` https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-azure_event_hubs/pull/61[#61]

*Http Input - 3.3.6*

> * Fixes a regression introduced in **3.1.0**'s migration to the Netty back-end that broke some users'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a regression introduced in **3.1.0** with themigration to the Netty back-end that broke 
```

>    browser-based workflows. When a plugin configured to require Basic authentication receives a request that does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   browser-based workflows for some users. When a plugin that is configured to require Basic authentication receives a request that does not
```

Reviewer: The use of `'` in `**3.1.0**'s` and `users'` is causing the text between the characters to render in italics.  The inline suggestions rework the text to avoid the formatting problem. 
Note: Sometimes suggestions across multiple line need spacing tweaks after they are accepted.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @karenzone, suggestions included

* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha2,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha2>>
* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-7-10-1]]
=== Logstash 7.10.1 Release Notes

==== Notable issues fixed

> ===== Fix docker image metadata
> Removed non-OCI compliant freeform metadata labels, started using consistent build date for all the docker images and dockerfiles. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/12451[#12451]
> Reintroduces the labels for the ubi8 image only. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/12500[#12500]
> 
> ===== Exclude file with non-commercial license
> Bundled did_you_mean gem had a CC NonCommercial license in an included file, these files has been removed. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/12460[#12460]
> 
> ===== Support recreation of same pipeline through centralized pipeline management
> When users attempted to delete and recreate a pipeline with the same identifier and configuration, Logstash was unable to pick up the new pipeline. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/12387[#12387]

Reviewer 3: Regarding what's notable about this release I think we focus on just the agent reloading issue:

```suggestion
===== Support recreation of same pipeline through centralized pipeline management
When users attempted to delete and recreate a pipeline with the same identifier and configuration, Logstash was unable to pick up the new pipeline. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/12387[#12387]
```

==== Plugins

*Azure_event_hubs Input - 1.2.3*

* Fixed missing configuration of `prefetch_count` and `receive_timeout` https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-azure_event_hubs/pull/61[#61]

*Http Input - 3.3.6*

* Fixes a regression introduced in **3.1.0**'s migration to the Netty back-end that broke some users'
   browser-based workflows. When a plugin configured to require Basic authentication receives a request that does not
   include authentication, it now appropriately includes an `WWW-Authenticate` header in its `401 Unauthorized` response,
   allowing the browser to collect credentials before retrying the request.

*Sqs Input - 3.1.3*

* Fix: retry networking errors (with backoff) https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-sqs/pull/57[#57]

*Kafka Integration - 10.5.3*

> * Fix: set (optional) truststore when endpoint id check disabled https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/60[#60]. +
>   Since **10.1.0** disabling server host-name verification (`ssl_endpoint_identification_algorithm => ""`) did not allow the (output) plugin to set `ssl_truststore_location => "..."`.
> 
> * Docs: explain group_id in case of multiple inputs https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/59[#59]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fix: set (optional) truststore when endpoint id check disabled https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/60[#60]. +
  Since **10.1.0** disabling server host-name verification (`ssl_endpoint_identification_algorithm => ""`) did not allow the (output) plugin to set `ssl_truststore_location => "..."`.
* Docs: explain group_id in case of multiple inputs https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/59[#59]
```

Reviewer 2: I don't any diff in this change :-(, is it the `+` sign at the end of line 74 ?

Reviewer 4: Line 73 is deleted (empty bullet point)
